498 Allow intents to be resolved on output type (where they return data) (#499)
finos/FDC3: docs/api/spec.md

- **Remote API**: An app wants to remote an entire API that it owns to another App.  In this case, the API for the App cannot be standardized.  However, the FDC3 API can address how an App connects to another App in order to get access to a proprietary API.

#### Intents and Context
When raising an Intent a specific context may be provided as input. The type of the provided context may determine which applications can resolve the Intent.

A Context type may also be associated with multiple Intents. For example, an `fdc3.instrument` could be associated with `ViewChart`, `ViewNews`, `ViewAnalysis` or other Intents. In addition to raising a specific intent, you can raise an Intent for a specific Context allowing the Desktop Agent or the user (if the Intent is ambiguous) to select the appropriate Intent for the selected Context and then to raise that Intent for resolution.

To raise an Intent without a context, use the [`fdc3.nothing`](../context/ref/Nothing) context type. This type exists so that applications can explicitly declare that they support raising an intent without a context (when registering an Intent listener or in an App Directory).

> An optional context object may also be returned as output by an application hanling an intent. For example, an application handling a `CreateOrder` intent might return a context representing the order and including an ID, allowing the application that raised the intent to make further calls using that ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional context object may also be returned as output by an application handling an intent. For example, an application handling a `CreateOrder` intent might return a context representing the order and including an ID, allowing the application that raised the intent to make further calls using that ID.
```

Author: done

}
```

Raise an intent and retrieve data from the IntentResolution:
```js
let resolution = await agent.raiseIntent("intentName", context);
try {
    const result = await resolution.getResult();
    console.log(`${resolution.source} returned ${JSON.stringify(result)}`);
} catch(error) {
    console.error(`${resolution.source} returned a data error: ${error}`);
}
```

#### Resolvers

> Intents functionality is dependent on resolver functionality to map the intent to a specific App.  This will often require end-user input.  Resolution can either be performed by the Desktop Agent (for example, by displaying a resolver UI allowing the user to pick the desired App for the intent) or by the app calling App handling the resolution itself (by using the  [`findIntent`](ref/DesktopAgent#findintent) or [`findIntentByContext`](ref/DesktopAgent#findintentbycontext) API calls) and then invoking the Intent on a specific target application, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Successful delivery of an intent depends first upon the Desktop Agent's ability to "resolve the intent" (i.e. map the intent to a specific App instance). Desktop Agents may resolve intents by any methodology. A common methodology is to display a UI that allows the user to pick the desired App for a given intent. Alternatively, the intent issuing app may proactively handle resolution by calling [`findIntent`](ref/DesktopAgent#findintent) or [`findIntentByContext`](ref/DesktopAgent#findintentbycontext) and then raising the Intent with a specific target application, e.g.:
```

Author: update
